introduce cider-start-server command (#3555)
clojure-emacs/cider: doc/modules/ROOT/pages/basics/up_and_running.adoc

  (cider-jack-in-clj '(:jack-in-cmd "nbb nrepl-server")))
----

==== Starting nREPL server without trying to connect to it ====

In some situations, it might be useful to only start a nREPL server process, without
connecting to it. This can support complex setups
for which CIDER cannot reliably detect to which server/port to connect, and
would therefore fail.
This assumes that the user will execute a `cider-connect` command manually afterwards,
specifying host/port.

> For this scenario, the `cider-start-nrepl-server` command is offered, which optionally

Reviewer: You might want to mention the keybindings for the command here.

> For this scenario, the `cider-start-nrepl-server` kbd:[C-c C-x s n]  command is offered, which optionally

Reviewer: This should say `j n`.

> ==== Starting nREPL server without trying to connect to it ====
> 
> In some situations it might be useful to only start the nREPL server without
> CIDER trying to automatically connect to it. This can help for complex setups
> in which CIDER cannot reliably detect to which server:port to connect and
> would therefore fail.
> This assumes that the user executes a `cider-connect` command manually afterwards
> and specifies host:port .
> 
> For this there is the `cider-start-server` command, which optionally takes the same
> parameters then `cider-jack-in`.
> 
> 
> == Connect to a Running nREPL Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Starting nREPL server without trying to connect to it ====

In some situations, it might be useful to only start a nREPL server process, without
connecting to it. This can support complex setups
for which CIDER cannot reliably detect to which server/port to connect, and
would therefore fail.
This assumes that the user will execute a `cider-connect` command manually afterwards,
specifying host/port.

For this scenario, the `cider-start-server` command is offered, which optionally takes the same
parameters than `cider-jack-in`.

Sample usage:

[source,lisp]
----
M-x cider-start-server
----

== Connect to a Running nREPL Server
```

  (cider-jack-in-clj '(:jack-in-cmd "nbb nrepl-server")))
----

==== Starting nREPL server without trying to connect to it ====

In some situations, it might be useful to only start a nREPL server process, without
connecting to it. This can support complex setups
for which CIDER cannot reliably detect to which server/port to connect, and
would therefore fail.
This assumes that the user will execute a `cider-connect` command manually afterwards,
specifying host/port.

For this scenario, the `cider-start-server` command is offered, which optionally takes the same
parameters than `cider-jack-in`.

Sample usage:

> [source,lisp]

Reviewer: That's not really Lisp code, so it's better to use `kbd` macro instead.

Author: I removed it even. I think it's enough to mention the command name.
